Model predictive control uses
an optimizer to find the control inputs and minimize the cost function.
We actually only execute the very first set of control inputs.
This brings the vehicle to a new state and then you repeat the process.
Here is the MPC algorithm.
First, we set up everything required for the model predictive control loop.
This consists of defining the duration of the trajectory,
T, by choosing N and dt.
Next, we define the vehicle model and constraints such as actual limitations.
Finally, we define the cost function.
With the setup complete,
we begin to state feedback loop.
First, we pass the current state to the model predictive controller.
Next, the optimization solver is called.
The solver uses the initial state,
the model constraints and cost function to
return a vector of control inputs that minimize the cost function.
The solver we'll use is called IPOPT.
We apply the first control input to the vehicle and repeat the loop.